Clean up divertor monoblock case (#360)
idaholab/TMAP8: doc/content/examples/divertor_monoblock/index.md

## Complete input file

This case is reproduced three times:

- Once with the usual TMAP8 syntax for input files, which is done in [/divertor_monoblock.i].
- Another time using the [Physics Syntax](syntax/Physics/index.md) to reproduce the same exact case, but with a simpler input file, which is [/divertor_monoblock_physics.i]

> - The last one is a simpler model utilizing only two variables (mobile and trapped) for tritium concentration across the different materials instead of having different variables in each block. The input file also uses the [Physics Syntax](syntax/Physics/index.md) and is [/divertor_monoblock_physics-single-variable.i]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Once with the usual TMAP8 syntax for input files, which is done in [/divertor_monoblock.i],
- Another time using the [Physics Syntax](syntax/Physics/index.md) to reproduce the same exact case, but with a simpler input file, which is shown in [/divertor_monoblock_physics.i], and
- Last with a simpler model utilizing only two variables (mobile and trapped) for tritium concentration across the different materials instead of having different variables in each block. The input file also uses the [Physics Syntax](syntax/Physics/index.md) and is shown in [/divertor_monoblock_physics-single-variable.i].
```
